Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You know what l'd really like?
Let me guess.
What l really wish is that
l didn't have to go home so early.
So why don't you forget
your curfew?
Oh, yeah, right, ''Mom, Dad,
l'll be home whenever l feel like it.''
- l don't think so.
- What about Baja?
What about Baja?
l'm going this weekend.
You wanna come with?
They'd never let me go
in a million years.
Which l don't understand
because they let you
come over here all the time.
l mean, what's the difference?
The difference is that l come home
at night.
And when l'm tucked in my bed,
l am still their little girl.
So tell them you'll be gone
for 36 hours.
Leave Saturday morning,
come back Sunday night.
- Dylan--
- lt doesn't hurt to ask.
You never know,
they might surprise you, say yes.
Maybe they will.
l've really got to get home.
Forget your curfew.
You're right.
And as long as l'm close,
they don't care.
Good.
Besides, l tiptoe.
Brenda?
Hi, Dad. Good night, Dad.
Wait, wait, wait just a minute.
Do you have any idea
what time it is?
Yeah, l'm sorry.
l lost track of time.
Well, that's what you said
the last time.
What's the point of a curfew
if you're never gonna follow it?
Well, l was beginning
to wonder that myself.
You know, we haven't talked
about this in quite some time.
And frankly, l thought things
were under control.
But it's getting to the point
when you're spending altogether
too much time with Dylan.
Can we talk about this
in the morning?
No, we'll talk about this right now.
Brenda, you're in high school.
On school nights, l expect you
to be home at a reasonable hour,
getting your studies done,
getting a good night's rest.
Dad, you're treating me like a kid.
l'm 1 7 years old.
My grades are fine.
What's the big deal?
The big deal is
when are you gonna start paying
attention to the curfew around here?
You know, l don't ask
that much of you, do l?
No.
So this won't be a problem, right?
l always do the right thing, don't l?
Yes, you do.
Good night.
Look, our bridesmaids' dresses
are in this mag.
That's nice. Very quaint.
Kelly, your mom's getting married
and you act like you don't even care.
That's very observant of you,
Donna.
Hey, are you guys ready for this?
l got your mom and my dad
the hottest wedding present ever.
Diamond earrings? l don't get it.
Well, it's one for each of them.
lt's sort of a love-bond thing.
But, David, your dad doesn't even
have his ear pierced.
He doesn't now, but he will.
That's the idea.
So, what do you think?
l think if l hear one more thing
about this wedding, l'm gonna scream.
Wow, what's her problem?
Maybe she's jealous.
- So?
- What did your father say?
- l just have to find the right time.
l'm leaving Saturday.
Maybe we should ask him together?
Oh, Dylan, l don't know.
- Brenda.
- Hello.
So about this weekend,
l was thinking we could rent
9 million videos and--
Listen, Kelly,
maybe we can do it another time.
l can't make it through
another weekend listening
to the bride and groom deciding
whether to serve chicken or fish.
l know, it's just that Dylan
invited me to go to Baja with him.
And Cindy and Jim
are letting you go?
She hasn't asked them yet.
Well, in that case,
what videos should we rent?
Kelly, they might say yes.
You never know.
- Yeah, right.
- Anyway if they do, is it okay?
- l mean, do you mind?
- Yeah, l mind.
l don't see why you'd wanna go
and spend an incredibly cool
and romantic weekend
with your boyfriend,
when you could stay here in town
and be miserable with me.
Thanks, Kel.
l knew you'd understand.
- When are we gonna ask?
- Just wait.
Hey, what's going on?
What's all the secrecy?
Nothing.
Brenda, l was talking to Jackie
on the phone today
and she said Kelly's
taking this thing very hard.
Well, Mom, you know Kelly.
l mean, she has a flair for melodrama
but she'll be fine.
Just the same, maybe while
you're there this weekend,
you could do something to,
you know, snap her out of it.
l don't think l'm gonna be spending
the weekend at Kelly's after all.
Oh, really? Why?
Dylan and l made other plans.
After you made a commitment
to Kelly?
lt wasn't a commitment.
We were just gonna hang out together.
Well, what are you two
planning instead?
Yes, do tell.
Actually, l'm going surfing
for the weekend in Baja.
And Dylan invited me to go.
l mean, isn't that great?
- Baja?
- As in Mexico?
Brandon, stay out of it.
lt's just for a couple of days, sir.
Actually it's only for a day and a half.
l mean we're leaving Saturday morning
and we'll be back Sunday night.
Brenda, are you asking me
if you can go to Mexico
with Dylan for the weekend?
Because if you are, the answer is--
Dad, come on. l mean,
you let me go to Yosemite.
This is different. You were with
your brother and the rest of the gang.
You're talking about running off to
a foreign country with your boyfriend.
- Dad, please.
- Let me and Dad talk about it.
You're not actually
considering this, are you?
Yes. l mean, what are you
so worried about?
Everything.
Jim, they are 1 7 years old.
That's what l'm worried about.
Where they gonna stay?
A motel, probably.
Oh, wonderful.
Jim, would you listen to yourself?
You sound just like my father.
l always liked your father.
So where exactly
are you staying, Dylan?
Well, l always stay
at the same place.
lt's called La Boca Grande.
lt's really clean.
lt's really a family sort of guesthouse.
You mean a motel?
Something like that.
- Something like that?
- You know, Dad.
There's absolutely nothing
to worry about, sir.
- l'll take good care of her.
- l'm sure you will.
- Jim...
- Mom, please.
lt's only two days.
Actually, it's only a day and a half.
l wanna call Dr. Pollack,
make sure you don't need shots.
Dad, there are no shots.
- Are there?
- Oh, no, of course not.
Baja is just like California,
only it's a little farther south.
You have to promise
you'll be careful what you eat.
- Absolutely.
- Definitely.
Wait a minute. You guys
are actually gonna let her go?
- Brandon.
- Just remember one thing:
lf we treat you like an adult,
we expect you to behave like an adult.
l will, l promise.
Thank you, sir.
l love you, Dad. Thanks, Mom.
Now all l have to do
is teach her how to surf.
Would you look at that?
The beach is closed again
because of bacteria in the bay.
This is really gross.
Looks like your first lesson
is gonna have to wait, Bren.
Too bad.
Come on,
let's go get some breakfast.
l don't believe it.
Who is he?
The guy that taught me
how to surf.
Jake.
- Jake.
- Dylan.
- Hey, all right.
- How you doing, man?
- l heard you were living up in Seattle.
- Eugene. l've been back a year now.
What, you didn't call me?
l thought you fell off the Earth.
l tried, l tried.
Your number's been disconnected.
Yeah, l moved a few times.
l hear your old man's
been doing a lot of reading.
Yeah. What goes around,
comes around, right?
- So are you a surfer?
- Well, not quite.
Actually, today was gonna be
my first lesson.
- No luck. Funky beach.
- Yeah, l saw the sign.
That last storm must have
really flushed out the city.
We gotta stop using that ocean
for a toilet.
Head down south, Dylan.
No people, no garbage.
Actually, we're going to Baja
this weekend.
Really? Well, that sounds great.
- l'm Jake Hanson.
- Brenda Walsh.
Dylan told me
that you taught him how to surf.
How to surf,
how to ride a motorcycle.
How to pick up girls.
Well, fortunately,
he's unlearned a few of those lessons.
Yeah, l bet he has.
Where are you living these days?
Just a little place off Melrose.
Nothing special.
You ought to stop by the Pit.
l'm there every night for dinner.
- That place still around?
- Are you kidding?
Man, you have been out of touch.
So, young lovebirds,
que quieres comer?
- Come again?
- lt's espanol, Bren.
Don't you think you ought to brush up
before your big adventure?
Quiero un hamburger, por favor.
And hold the attitude, please.
l can't believe they're letting you go.
Yeah, and no thanks to you,
Mr. Benedicto Arnaldo.
- You guys are going to Mexico?
- Yeah, this weekend.
What do you wanna take your
girlfriend with you to Mexico for?
We could do a guy thing.
We could go down, hang out.
Pick up some babes on the beach.
l've always wanted to go to Mexico,
especially Baja.
ln fact, you know what
would really be great?
lf we all went, you know,
like Yosemite.
l mean, the food's not supposed
to cost much,
and if we're careful,
there's no reason to get sick.
l hear hotels are really cheap.
We could caravan. lt would be fun.
lt would be like a real adventure,
don't you think?
No.
Maybe next time. Dylan and l
are trying to keep this trip romantic.
- Sorry.
- lt's okay.
- Just remember one thing, pal.
- Yeah?
My sister snores.
Okay.
Excuse me,
what kind of invitation is this?
Mr. Steve Sanders. No guest?
Dad and Jackie are trying
to keep the numbers down.
Just as well, weddings
are great places to meet girls.
They're always so ripe, so...
So misty-eyed.
And way too old for you.
At the very least,
Kelly will be there, right?
Yeah, if she survives till then.
Why? What's the matter?
She's still not too thrilled
about the whole idea.
l wouldn't be either if l knew
you were moving into my house.
My dad is moving in.
l still haven't made up my mind.
Tell your dad to travel light.
Seems like Kelly's mom likes weddings
more than she does marriages.
Steve, Jackie's changed a lot.
Yeah, l hope so.
l don't know if my dad
could handle another divorce.
l don't know if l could either.
Yo, Nat.
Did you save me a piece of pie?
Jake. Give me a grab.
l heard rumours you were back
in the neighbourhood.
- Listen, l have a bill for you.
- l was afraid of that.
- Glad you could make it.
- Absolutely.
- Hi.
Why don't l introduce you
to the gang?
- All right.
- Okay, Andrea.
So, what kind of work
do you do, Jake?
Wow, let's see...
l ran a big oil company for a while.
And l sold that.
Got into real estate development,
built big hotels on the Kona Coast.
Made a ton of cash.
But l met this incredibly beautiful girl
and blew it all in one big wild weekend.
So here l am.
- Oh, sure.
- Yeah.
- So, what are you gonna do now?
- l don't know.
- You got any ideas? My rent's due.
- How are you at painting houses?
- Better than Rembrandt.
- Can you start right away?
Sure. Whose house?
My dad's fiancee.
She's really desperate.
Yeah, sounds perfect.
Oh, Dylan, we need to motor.
Oh, yeah. Gotta get home
and watch The Grapes of Wrath.
Otherwise, you get stuck reading it.
- lt's a great movie.
- Great book.
- See you.
- Take it easy.
- Bye, bro.
- Bye.
Bren, what time is it? Wake up.
- Bren. Bren, what time is it?
- Oh, my God. lt's 4:00 in the morning.
Dad's gonna kill me.
l can't believe you fell asleep.
Me? Wait a minute.
Let's go.
Dylan, come on.
We've gotta get out of here.
Bren, relax.
Just tell him we fell asleep.
Brenda?
Right, Dad. Good night.
Sleep well.
Do you know what time it is?
Do you know how worried
your mother and l were?
- Dad, l'm sorry, l fell asleep.
- Brenda, give me a break.
You think l make rules
so you can ignore them?
Dad, we were watching
Grapes of Wrath
on TV for school and we fell asleep.
- That's fine. But you have a curfew.
- Dad--
How do you expect me to treat you
like an adult when you act like a child?
lf l can't trust you to toe the line
when you're at home,
how can l trust you
when you're on your own in Mexico?
Dad, please. l said l was sorry.
Brenda, it's not enough.
Not this time.
What are you saying?
l'm saying that
you can forget about Mexico.
You just blew it.
l can't believe this.
My cousin Ruth is actually coming.
l thought you told me
she was afraid to fly.
lt says in the note
that hypnosis cured her.
lmagine that.
So, what does that bring us up to,
two hundred zillion?
Well, assuming no one else
accepts, 1 67.
So much for a well-funded
retirement plan.
Well, if it helps,
you can take one off the list.
Who?
Well, my dad says
if my mom goes, he won't go.
And my mom says if my dad comes,
she won't come.
And so, anyway, it's minus one.
l'm sorry, Donna.
This must be awfully hard on you.
Yeah. Well, l'll get used to it.
lt's just weird.
l mean, with you guys planning
a wedding
and my parents' marriage
is falling apart.
Well, you never know, honey,
your parents may work through this.
Spoken like a true expert.
- Kelly.
- Sorry.
Kelly, come back here.
What is her problem?
Give her some time, honey.
She'll come around.
You should have heard my father.
l mean, the last time l saw him like this
was when Brandon was 1 1 years old
and tried to ski off the roof.
You'll go to Baja
when your parents calm down.
Yeah, you can still spend
the weekend at my house, right?
lt's not like you're grounded
or anything.
Or you can say you're staying
at Kelly's and then go to Baja anyway.
- What?
- You heard me.
- You mean lie?
- Well, yeah.
She lies and l cover for her.
- Would you?
- l don't know, Bren.
lt sounds kind of risky.
What if your mom calls?
Well, l'll just make sure
l call her first.
That way we can head her off.
When she does call,
you say that Brenda's in the shower,
then you call Brenda
in Mexico at the motel,
and Brenda will call her right back.
- You're better at this than l thought.
- My cousin used to do it all the time.
- And it worked?
- Like a charm.
- l don't know.
- Kelly, please.
You don't know how much
this will mean to me.
ls everybody decent?
- Where's your dress?
- lt doesn't fit.
l gained a whole dress size.
l'm gonna look like Miss Piggy.
Oh, you'll look beautiful.
Thank you, Donna.
A beautiful Miss Piggy.
Listen, Kelly, be a dear.
l promised the new handyman
that l'd be home to give him a cheque.
- Run home for me.
- Mother.
Kelly, please.
This guy is too good to lose
and l'm stuck here for another hour.
Great. Okay. Fine.
This wedding is ruining my life.
Will you girls please excuse us?
Kelly, l am really getting tired
of your attitude.
You've been nothing but a pill
ever since Mel and l
announced our engagement.
Now, l have tried to be understanding.
l really have.
l even made your friends
my bridesmaids.
l thought that would make you happy.
But all you can do is sulk.
l'm sorry, okay?
There, l apologise.
What more do you want from me?
Well, for starters, l'd like you
to sound like you mean it.
- Hi.
- Who are you?
- l'm Kelly, l live here.
l'm Jake Hanson.
- You must be Jackie's sister.
- Daughter.
One kid all grown up
and a baby on the way.
- Must be a second marriage, huh?
- Fourth, but who's counting?
- l guess you are.
- Excuse me?
Sorry. Didn't mean to get personal.
Well, l'll let you get back
to your work.
- You know, it's okay.
- What is?
You can get personal if you want to.
l wanna go with you so bad,
but l'm not used to lying to my parents.
l mean, Kelly said
she would cover for me
but l don't know
if l can go through with it.
So don't lie. Just tell them you're going
to Mexico with me and go.
Oh, right. They'd kill me.
Bren, you gotta take a stand
at some point.
l mean, you can't let them treat you
like a kid forever.
- Well, they say that l behave like one.
- Come on.
Why, because you came home
late one night?
We fell asleep.
Well, l know that.
l mean, that's what l told them.
But my father is being
so unreasonable.
He never treats Brandon like this.
He's being so sexist.
l mean, l'm really tired of it.
l'm the same age as Brandon is.
l deserve the same rights
and the same privileges.
Bren, you don't have to convince me.
l mean, l'm on your side, remember?
Fine. l've made up my mind.
l'm going, whether my parents
like it or not.
What are you doing, Bren,
running away?
Go back to sleep, Brandon.
l'm going over to Kelly's
for the weekend.
- At 5 in the morning?
- Yes.
You're going down to Baja with Dylan,
aren't you?
Don't blow this for me, Brandon,
please.
l don't believe you.
You know they're gonna hit the roof.
Only if you tell them,
and l know you won't.
And what, pray tell,
do you expect me to say?
- That l'm at Kelly's just like l planned.
- They ain't gonna buy it.
Brandon, please.
All right, but it's gonna cost you
bigtime.
That's Dylan. Right on time.
Cover for me, Brandon.
Brenda must have left for Kelly's
at the crack of dawn.
l didn't even hear her.
Why'd she leave so early?
She said something
about going to a flea market.
Oh, l bet they're looking for
a wedding present for Jackie and Mel.
Right. And you know
how those places are,
you gotta get a jump
on those antique dealers.
- What are we gonna get them?
- How about a crib?
- Very funny.
- l wasn't kidding.
Maybe l should call Kelly
and Bren and ask them.
Mom, l'm sure
they're still at the flea market,
and they said they're gonna
go to the movies after that.
Well, l guess l can always
call them later.
Or just ask Brenda
when she calls here.
Right.
Brandon, do you think
l was too hard on your sister?
No.
- You had your reasons.
- l know, but she really wanted to go.
l should have
given her another chance.
Don't beat yourself up about it.
l'm sure she understands.
l thought you might be thirsty.
Well, thanks.
Gonna stand there or do you
wanna make yourself helpful?
Sure, l'll help, l guess.
What can l do?
- Hand me that level.
- What's a level?
That long thing, right there.
Okay.
- So, what are you building?
- Wedding canopy.
You know
your mom designed it herself?
Yeah, she's making
a pretty big production out of all this.
Have you seen her yet?
She's out to here:
You'd think she'd wanna keep it
a little more low-key.
Hey, pregnant or not,
she's still the bride.
lt's her big day.
Let her have some fun.
Yeah, l guess.
You know, Kelly, l think
l know what your problem is.
Why don't you tell me?
You're a little bit hung up
on the way things used to be,
instead of making your plans
for the way things are gonna be.
Yeah, sort of like
having a new father,
a new brother and a new baby
all at the same time.
There's a world full of possibilities.
You know, Bren, l can't believe
you actually went through with it.
Me either. But l wouldn't
miss this trip for the world.
l'm just glad you finally
stood up to your parents.
Actually, l didn't.
They think that l'm at Kelly's house.
- Brenda...
- Look, it'll be fine, all right?
l just need to use the phone.
- Hello.
- Hi, it's me.
- Bren?
- ls everything cool?
Yeah, so far so good.
- You went to the flea market.
- What?
With Kelly. That's why you left
so early this morning.
Oh, right. Okay, thanks, Brandon.
All right, you got it.
Just be careful, okay?
Okay, okay, put Mom on.
Okay, hang on. Mom, it's Bren.
Tell her l said hi.
- Don't you wanna talk to her?
- Well, not unless she needs me.
- She doesn't even wanna talk to you.
- Wow, this is so easy.
- l should do it more often.
- Don't even think about it.
All right. Look, l'm gonna call
first thing in the morning.
But if you need anything before then,
we'll be staying at-- What's it called?
- La Boca Grande de Baja.
Got it. Bye.
Bye.
- Where is everybody?
- Hey, Rosalita?
Dylan, mi hijo, what's cooking?
Oh, how you doing?
Rosalita, l'd like you
to meet Brenda Walsh.
Brenda Walsh, Rosalita Valdez.
She has the best motel on the beach.
- Hi.
How is that...? What was her name?
Stacy.
Stacy? Who's Stacy?
Just someone l came down here
with once.
You never told me about that.
- lt was a long time ago.
- When?
- Last summer.
- We were going out last summer.
When we were broken up?
You were actually seeing someone?
And you brought her here?
Dylan, you lied to me.
l didn't lie.
l call it lying when you don't tell
someone something this important,
it's the same thing.
Rosalita, can we have
our keys, please?
Oh, don't bother.
We're not staying.
- Hello.
- Oh, hi, Kelly.
Mrs. Walsh, hi. How are you?
Oh, fine. Did you find anything
at the flea market?
- What?
- The flea market.
Brandon said you and Brenda
went to the flea market
looking for wedding presents.
Right.
As a matter of fact, no.
There wasn't anything good there.
Oh, well, better luck next time.
Listen, is Brenda there?
She called just a little while ago.
You've just missed her.
She ran out to get some food,
and she'll be back,
and then l can have her call you.
- Okay, good. Bye-bye.
- Bye.
Bren, please, don't do this.
We came all the way down here.
Let's not spoil the whole weekend.
l'm not spoiling anything.
l mean, l thought this was gonna be
the greatest weekend in my entire life
and now it's ruined.
lt doesn't have to be.
Look, l know this great little cantina.
lt's really romantic.
We could go, have dinner, talk.
Start over.
l don't know what l want anymore.
lt's for you.
- Me?
- No, her.
- Hello?
- Brenda.
Hi, call home pronto.
- Why, what's wrong?
- Nothing yet.
- But your mom called.
- Oh, God, okay.
And in case she asks,
we're having Thai food for dinner
and you were out picking it up.
Got it.
Kel, thanks, you're a lifesaver.
Okay.
l'm just about finished up here
for today.
Okay.
So got another soda in the fridge?
Sure.
Thanks.
So, what's a girl like you doing
home alone on a Saturday night?
Well, l was just asking myself
that same question.
Did you come up with any answers?
Well, Brenda's in Baja with Dylan
and Donna's out with David,
and that leaves me.
No... No boyfriend?
No.
- You don't have to rub it in.
- Sorry.
You told me to get personal.
Listen, my mom's at Lamaze class.
And l was just nuking some lasagne.
lf you're hungry,
you could stay for dinner.
l mean, if you're not busy
or anything.
No, no, l'm not busy.
l'm starved.
Great. l mean, l wouldn't want
this food to go to waste.
Yeah.
Smells great.
Yeah, l love lasagne.
Not talking about the lasagne.
- Hello?
- Mom, hi, it's me.
Oh, hi, honey.
- Kelly said you called.
- Oh, yeah.
You know, l was just wondering,
have Jackie and Mel
mentioned anything
that might make
a good wedding present?
No, nothing specific.
Kelly said you two didn't have
any luck at the flea market.
Right.
l was thinking of something
along the lines of glassware.
Great idea. l mean,
everybody needs glassware.
So are you two doing
anything special tonight?
- What?
- You and Kelly.
Got any plans?
No, we're probably
just gonna eat takeout Thai food
and rent a video or something.
Okay, well, have a good time.
Okay, you too. See you tomorrow.
Everything okay?
Fine.
- Lot of elaborate plans for nothing.
- l can't believe l even came.
Well, it's too late to turn back now.
- Rosalita, do you have two rooms?
- Sure, of course.
- Separate rooms. You happy now?
- Yes, l am. Thank you.
You're gonna have to eat,
and l don't think you wanna be going
to any of the local establishments
by yourself.
- Well, maybe l do.
- Well, maybe you don't.
So how long is it gonna take you
to finish up around here?
About a week, l guess.
Really? That's great.
l mean, it's great for you.
You gonna be around?
Why? You need someone
to hold your level?
Yeah. Maybe.
Well, maybe it's good that my mother
has such big plans, then.
Oh, you know, maybe you should
tell her to add on a nursery.
- That could take months.
- l could probably arrange that.
We don't want the baby, like,
sharing your room, do we?
Don't even think it.
You know, you talk a good game,
but when that baby comes,
you're gonna be cooing
and cuddling with the best of them.
- Think so?
- Of course.
They're so little and sweet and...
Even a tough cookie
like you is gonna melt.
ls that what you think l am?
A tough cookie?
lsn't that what you want people
to think?
No. l don't know,
l never really thought about it.
Maybe you should.
Who could that be?
- Hey.
- Steve, what are you doing here?
l was driving by, l saw your light on,
l figured l'd come and say hey.
- l'm really tired.
- That's all right, l won't stay long.
No, actually it's not
a good time for me.
Hi.
Working a little late, aren't we?
Yeah, actually, it was a long day
and l made Jake some dinner.
Since when can you cook?
- Anything left for me?
- lt's all gone.
Oh, l get it.
A little tea for two, huh?
Well, don't let me get in the way.
Steve, wait.
Steve and l used to go out.
He's still pretty hung up
on you, huh?
Yeah, l guess he is.
How about you?
You ever have any second thoughts?
About Steve? No.
l mean, he's a great guy
and we'll always be friends,
but it is definitely over.
- Definitely?
- Definitely.
Maybe l should go.
Yeah, maybe you should.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
l'll see you tomorrow morning.
Bright and early.
l can't believe you're doing this.
What?
We're in one of the most
romantic places on the planet.
The waves out there are cresting
in the moonlight.
The food in here is great.
The people, friendliest in the world.
And you're wasting it all
because of some stupid girl.
Some stupid girl named Stacy,
and l'm not wasting anything.
l am eating my food
and having a wonderful time.
- Me too.
- Well, good.
Yeah, we're having
a wonderful time.
Feelings
Nothing more than feelings
- Dylan, l'm so sorry.
- Yeah, me too.
Are toasts any good when
they're made with ginger ale?
l think they work even better.
Here's to you and freedom.
And a wonderful weekend
in Mexico.
- Make it a double, bartender.
- You must be hurting.
What will it be, chocolate or vanilla?
One of each.
Normally in this situation,
l'd ask the customer whether it was
love or money, but in your case--
lt's love. Definitely love.
Let me guess.
Long blond hair, blue eyes?
Yeah.
Used to be l can go to Kelly's house
any hour of the day or night.
She'd even sneak me
up the stairs to her room.
Tonight, she wouldn't even let me in.
- She really laid it on the line, huh?
- She had a guy there.
- So what?
- That guy Jake.
- Dylan's friend?
- Yeah.
The one he said left
all those girls in a drift.
So, what are you moping about?
This is great.
Whose shoulder do you think Kelly will
come crying on when he dumps her?
Yeah, well, maybe
l'm getting sick of waiting.
Congratulations. lt's about time.
- Yeah, you think so?
- Yeah, l do.
l think you gotta move on
once and for all.
- Yeah, well, maybe l can't.
- Why not?
l'm still in love with her.
Kelly?
Hi, guys. How was Lamaze?
- lt was very educational.
- Boring.
Honey, it was not.
That movie was great.
Trust me, Mel,
l have done this before.
l don't need to take lessons
on how to have a baby.
Wait a minute.
Am l hearing things,
or were you just laughing?
- What do you mean?
- l don't know.
You just sound happy, that's all.
And what is wrong with that?
Good night.
Wait a minute.
Come here.
What?
l just wanna hug you.
That's all.
- Oh, my God. What was that?
- What are you talking about?
- That.
- Oh, you mean the baby kicking?
- That's the first time l've ever felt it.
- Well, here, it's doing it again.
- Not bad for a farm girl.
- Come here. Closer.
l'll never forget this night
as long as l live.
- Me neither.
- Let's dance like this all night.
Well, not all night.
Oh, the water is so warm and clean.
What did l tell you?
So how'd l do? Am l a surfer yet?
Bren, you redefine
The Endless Summer.
Are you joking? l'm stoked.
l was hot. l was thrashing.
You stood up for a second.
Oh, no, actually it was two seconds.
You were great.
We better go before the Porsche
turns into a pumpkin.
Do we have to?
Yeah, it's either that
or you call Jimbo
and ask if we can stay down
here another week.
Adios, Mexico.
Dylan, what's wrong?
Why'd they make you pull over?
Oh, it's just a random thing, Bren.
They stop every tenth car.
- Welcome home, folks.
- Thanks.
Just need to see some lD.
Sure thing.
- Nice car.
- Yeah, you can search it if you want.
Nope. Just a random check.
Need to see yours, young lady
and you'll be on your way.
- Excuse me?
- Your driver's licence.
lt was in my purse
the night of the robbery.
l applied for a new one,
but it didn't come yet.
That's okay. A birth certificate
or a passport's just as good.
- l don't have either of those.
- Then we got a problem.
Listen,
she's just as American as l am.
l'm sure she is.
But since the latest lNS crackdown,
we've got some pretty strict regulations
down here.
Well, can't you just punch me
into a computer?
l'll give you my social security number,
anything. l've got to get home.
l'd love to help you, young lady.
Really, l would.
But anybody could come down here
and claim they were you
and give me a number.
So, what am l gonna do?
- How old are you?
- Seventeen.
- No problem, we'll call your parents.
- You can't do that.
Why not?
Because her parents don't exactly
know that we're down here.
Hey, l'm sorry.
But we're gonna have to get
a legal guardian down here
with your birth certificate.
Failing that, they'll have to sign
a sworn affidavit verifying you a citizen.
Unless maybe you're not
an American citizen.
Of course l am.
lt's just that if you call my parents,
l'm a dead American citizen.
- Dylan, what are we gonna do?
- You heard the man.
Looks like we're gonna
have to call your father.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org